---
title: Let's Get Functional
permalink: /challenge/E0008/
---

### Briefing: 
You may be thinking by now that programming means typing and retyping lots of things all the time, but actually there's a handy way we can **reuse** some of the code you're writing so you don't have to do that. They're called **functions** and they're simply little blocks of code that we can call on again and again to do useful things without writing duplicate code.

### Hint: 
Remember, a function doesn't necessarily return something.

### Code Solution: 
The following code is the solution to this challenge. Please note that there may be alternative ways to complete this challenge.

<details class="has-spoiler spoiler-span">
  <summary></summary>
  <pre><code>
# CHALLENGE 1: Write a function that takes in two integers and
#              multiplies them together then returns the result.
def multiplyTwoInts(int1, int2):
  return int1 * int2
# CHALLENGE 2: Run the function from CHALLENGE 1, passing in the
#              integers 99 and 52 and print the result.
print(multiplyTwoInts(99, 52))

# CHALLENGE 3: Write a function that takes two integers and prints
#              the string "I am X ft Y inches tall", replacing the
#              X and Y with the numbers passed into the function.
def printTwoInts(int1, int2):
  return "I am " + str(int1) + " ft " + str(int2) + " inches tall"

# CHALLENGE 4: Run the function from CHALLENGE 3, passing in 6 and 2
#              as the parameters.

# You should end up with 2 lines output from these 4 challenges.
print(printTwoInts(6, 2))
  </code></pre>
</details>
