---
title: Secret Spreadsheet
permalink: /challenge/W0076/
---

{% include incomplete_challenge.html %}

<div style="display:none;" id="walkthrough-content" markdown="1">

### Briefing: 
Recruit, we've stumbled upon something. We think it might really help in getting us closer to the Chiquitoos' plan to steal the shipment of Cola. They've created a spreadsheet listing all the containers they intend to target. Luckily for us, they've posted it online for other gang members to see and update. But, of course, being the clever cyber criminals they are, they've put it behind a particularly clever password system.

If you visit the page where it exists the ciphered password is there but it changes every two seconds; too fast for us to decipher and use. One of our engineers has been working on a Python script to try and get around it. Have a look at the script and see if you can make some changes to get it working.

**Tip:** Run the correct script to get the flag.

### Hint:
Unknown

### How to Solve: 
The solution requires pulling the current code from the website, reversing it, and then appending that to the end of the URL.
1. Download the revstr.py file
2. Open and add the following two lines below '#Missing a whole chunk of code here!'
   cipher = urllib.request.urlopen(link).read().decode('utf-8')
   revString = cipher[::-1]
3. Open a Terminal / Command Line in the same folder as revstr.py and run
   python revstr.py
The command line should print the Flag to paste into CyberStart.

</div>
